[HESTIA] So you stayed overnight
in the red light district, huh?!
[BELL] Y‐yeah.
[MIKOTO] Lady Hestia!
[MIKOTO] I told you,
this is all my fault!
Master Bell wasn't‐
[HESTIA] I don't wanna
hear it, Mikoto.
(MIKOTO hesitant)
Now be honest with me, Bell.
Did you get all the fun
outta your system while
you were there?
[BELL] What do you mean uh...?
Uh? No! I would never!
Well I can't help but wonder
what exactly you were
doing all night long...
[HESTIA] Mind explaining why
you had this on you? Hmmm?
(BELL mortified)
Now let's do each
other a favor...
and pretend we never
saw one other here.
[HERMES] Sound agreeable?
(BELL hesitation)
I‐I promise I didn't do
anything questionable...
(HESTIA annoyed)
[MIKOTO] Lady Hestia...
(HESTIA big sigh)
Our children can't
lie in the presence of a god.
Bell must be telling the truth.
(BELL sigh of relief)
[HESTIA] However..! I will
not excuse you going there!
[HESTIA] The fact that you even
stepped foot in that sort of
place is totally unforgivable!
[BELL] Like I said,
I wasn't there on my‐!
[HESTIA] I have no choice
but to punish you!
[HESTIA] Go make yourself
useful around the neighborhood!
O.. kay..
(BELL sigh)
[BELL] I really
disappointed Lady Hestia.
[GIRL A] Mr. Hero,
please save me!
(BELL notice)
(GIRL A whimpering)
[BOY A] Back, foul beast!
Release the princess!
(BOY B monster roar)
(GIRL A scream)
(BELL smile)
Why would anyone want to rescue
a woman as disgraceful as I?
(internal) I wish I could
have said something to make
her feel better...
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
[MIKOTO] Master Bell!
Looks like you could
use a hand.
Huh? But this.. is
my punishment though.
[WELF] As I recall,
we were right there with
ya'. We're just as guilty.
[LILI] We have to take
responsibility, too.
Although I am pretty curious
as to what kept you there
all night long.
(BELL nervous laugh)
My selfish behavior
caused all the trouble.
My apologies, Master Bell.
[BELL] Don't worry
about it, Miss Mikoto.
[BELL] So why'd you go
to the Pleasure Quarter
in the first place?
[MIKOTO] I was searching for
someone, specifically a Renard.
I had heard she was somewhere
within the district.
[BELL] Renard...?
[MIKOTO] Sadly.. I
never did find her...
By any chance, is her
name Miss Haruhime?
(gasp) Who told you that?! Do
you know something about her?!
Huh? Well, the.. truth is..
[MIKOTO] I see...
[MIKOTO] I didn't want
to believe the rumor,
but I guess she really was
working in the brothels.
Someone as innocent as her...
[BELL] Miss Mikoto...
[BELL] What if..
[LILI] Don't you dare even
think
about going back to
try and save her.
(BELL, MIKOTO & WELF Hm?)
[BELL] Lili..
We just barely made it through
that whole War Game thing.
Are you already picking
another fight?
I hope you realize what
a huge burden you'd be
putting on Lady Hestia.
(BELL worried)
(WELF sigh) (smirk)
C'mon, Lil Bit. You
don't always have to
be the wet blanket.
[LILI] (embarrassed) I..
I'm just trying to help!
As a member of your Familia..
I gotta agree with Lil Bit here.
[WELF] We can't go putting
ourselves at risk.
(BELL sigh)
[MIKOTO] I would agree Bell,
don't worry about it, okay?
Please just try to forget
about this whole thing.
[HERMES] I'm begging you, Mia!
Just one message to Lady Freya!
[MIA] You think you can just
show up outta the blue and
bark orders at me?
[MIA] Whatever it is,
you can tell her yourself.
[HERMES] I'm genuinely afraid
for my life this time!
[HERMES] Plus Bell will be
in hot water himself if we
don't do something!
[MIA] Wait how's the kid
mixed up in this mess?
Listen, Mia it's not
good.. Ishtar has her
sights set on him!
Huh?! Why the hell's she
coming outta the woodwork?!
This one was out of my
hands! It wasn't my fault!
I swear! (blubbering)
What do you mean when you
say Bell is in "hot water".
What have you done?
[HERMES] (startled!) Syr?!
Also, how does Lady Ishtar even
know about him to begin with?
[SYR] I don't suppose you
took him to a house of ill
repute, did you?
O‐of course not! I
swear to the gods!
You wouldn't lie would you?
Imagine what would happen if
we found out otherwise.
[HERMES] S‐Syr! Good little
girls don't go around
threatening gods, you know!
(MIA ugh) (groan)
(CROWD murmur)
[EINA] Bell?
(BELL notice)
[BELL] Miss Eina.
(EINA smile)
[EINA] So let me guess...
Something on your mind?
(BELL surprised)
Please, I can read
your face like a book.
I don't think I have to say it,
but I AM your advisor.
[EINA] You can tell me anything.
[BELL] (considers) Right!
[EINA] You spent the
night in a bordello?!
It...was out of my hands...
Well.. I suppose you are
a typical boy after all...
So I can see how you might
get curious about that
sort of thing...
[EINA] But... but I...!
[EINA] I can't condone it!
Don't ever go there again,
do you hear me?!
(BELL startled)
[BELL] Pl.. Please forgive me!
[EINA] So, you wanted to know
about... the Ishtar Familia,
is that correct?
[BELL] Yes.
[EINA] They're a
top‐class Familia
in terms of both their track
record in the Dungeon
and their business exploits.
And a fair share
of their combatants
are at level three or higher.
[EINA] Phryne Jamil
is their captain..
and a first‐class
adventurer at level five.
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] Miss Phryne...
[EINA] And from what I heard,
even Miss Wallenstein was nearly
defeated by their captain once.
[BELL] What?! Miss Ais?!
[EINA] Although that
was several years ago.
I believe, Miss Jamil was
a higher level than Miss
Ais back then.
That makes more sense...
Say.. do you know anything about
an Amazon.. named Aisha or a
Renard named Miss Haruhime?
[EINA] Everyone knows Aisha
Belka. She's a level three,
but she's supposedly close
to ranking up.
[EINA] As for the Renard...
[EINA] Hmmm... I'm not
seeing her on the list..
[EINA] She could be a
low‐ranking non‐combatant...
Why is it you want to know?
No.. reason..
Hey, listen, Bell...
Look I shouldn't really
be telling you about
this, however...
Yeah..?
Around five years ago..
several Familias.. they made
some serious accusations.
Against the Ishtar Familia.
Their power was allegedly far
beyond that which had been
officially reported to the
Guild.
[BELL] They were lying about
how strong they are? But why?
[EINA] Yes. The Guild
investigated the claims
but found no evidence to
support them.
[EINA] However, that
wasn't the end of it.
[EINA] Ishtar countersued,
levying a harsh penalty against
all the Familias involved.
Many of them ended up stripped
of their authority...
and then ultimately
they were dissolved.
(BELL gasp)
Beyond that..
Ishtar demanded
compensation
from the Guild.
She claimed confidential
info was leaked during
the investigation. Lies.
[BELL] She took money
from the Guild...?
(EINA affirmative)
This placed us in a rather
precarious position..
and we've been unable to
intervene in the red‐light
district ever since.
(BELL gasp)
[EINA] Bell... The
Ishtar Familia is
much stronger and more
fearsome than they appear.
[EINA] If I were you,
I'd avoid them at all costs.
[BELL] It's just
like Lili said...
(internal) If I get mixed up
with the Ishtar Familia more
than I already have..
I'm going to cause trouble
for Goddess Hestia and
everyone else...
[BELL] Hero stories...
[HERO'S VOICE] Thou art
evil, Whore of Babylon!
[HERO'S VOICE] How many men
hast thou deceived, seduced,
and driven into ruin?!
[HERO'S VOICE] Atone for
your sins, vile woman!
[BELL] "The hero falls prey to a
prostitute, nearly resulting in
his downfall."
[BELL] "Then, he casts her
aside, restoring his honor
once more."
Besides, to a hero.. prostitutes
are harbingers of ruin.
[BELL] A prostitute could never
stand at a hero's side...
Oh Grandpa...
What should I do...?
[PROSTITUTE A] Ooh..hey there...
[PROSTITUTE B] We won't bite
you.
[AISHA] Haruhime.
(HARUHIME snaps out of it)
[HARUHIME] Yes, Aisha...
Something wrong?
You look out of it.
No.. you caught me
daydreaming is all.
[HARUHIME] A dream that
will never come to pass...
I came across a merchant
selling those on the street.
[AISHA] He said it's a type
of candy from the Far East.
(HARUHIME gasp) (smile)
I'm truly grateful for
your kindness. Thank you.
(AISHA annoyed)
No need to thank me for
something so trivial.
[HARUHIME] Oh...
[MIKOTO] Hey Haruhime!
(HARUHIME notice)
Over here!
It's me, Mikoto!
(HARUHIME quiet freak‐out)
[MIKOTO] Don't you remember who
I am?! We were friends...
[MIKOTO] We ran around the
fields back in the Far East!
[MIKOTO] Quickly, come with me!
[HARUHIME] Sorry... I
don't think I know you.
(MIKOTO gasp)
[HARUHIME] I'm afraid
you're mistaken.
Now if you will excuse me.
[MIKOTO] No don't go!
[MIKOTO] Lady Haruhime!
[BELL] What?! You saw
Miss Haruhime?!
[MIKOTO] I did. However,
she wouldn't acknowledge me.
She claimed she didn't know me.
I don't believe that.
(BELL concerned)
[BELL] Miss.. Mikoto.. ?
So, what kind of person was
she back when you were younger?
Lady Haruhime is
the sole reason...
That I received a blessing
to join a Familia. I owe her
everything.
[MIKOTO] Lady Chigusa, Master
Ouka and I were brought up
at a shrine in the Far East by
Master Takemikazuchi. As well as
the other gods who lived there.
[MIKOTO] We lived in poverty,
but it was warm and loving
nonetheless.
[MIKOTO] Lady Haruhime's
mansion sat at the foot
of a nearby mountain.
[MIKOTO] She was born into a
family of nobles and had rarely
set foot in the outside world..
[MIKOTO] but at some point, she
must've heard about the shrine.
[YOUNG HARUHIME] Father.. I
couldn't possibly eat all of
this myself.
[YOUNG HARUHIME] Can we please..
take it to the gods at the
shrine and share it with them?
[MIKOTO] That was the first
time in her life she had asked
anything of her father.
[MIKOTO] We at the shrine became
rather acquainted with Lady
Haruhime.
[MIKOTO] And yet, Master
Takemikazuchi couldn't bring
himself
to ignore this lonely,
sweet, little girl locked
away inside her mansion.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] Go on...
Why don't you bring her
outside to play!
(BELL chuckle)
That sounds just
like him, honestly.
Admittedly.. I also felt
compelled to become a hero.
I wanted to try and
erase the girl's pain,
who kindly saved us
with her generosity.
[BELL] So that's when you
received your blessing then,
huh?
[MIKOTO] Yes.
After acquiring my status, Lady
Chigusa, Master Ouka and I,
we headed to the mansion.
[MIKOTO] We would slip past the
guards and bring Lady Haruhime
out to the mountain
almost every single day.
[MIKOTO] Eventually,
the guards caught on.
We had to get a lot
more creative if we
wanted to outrun them.
(YOUNG HARUHIME giggle) (trip)
[YOUNG MIKOTO] (concerned) Lady
Haruhime!
[YOUNG MIKOTO] Lady Haruhime,
are you alright?!
You're so amazing! You're
just like the heroes I
always read about!
(YOUNG MIKOTO thrilled)
I was so proud.. I felt as
though I had returned the favor.
Just making her smile
meant the world to me.
(BELL touched)
[MIKOTO] Not long after,
we left the Far East behind..
and traveled to Orario.
[MIKOTO] Our plan
was to earn money,
and send it back
home to the shrine.
[MIKOTO] But while we were
away, we heard rumors...
[MIKOTO] Someone very cruel
had betrayed Lady Haruhime
and sold her into slavery.
(BELL shock)
[MIKOTO] If she's out there
suffering, I want to do
everything I can to help her...
(BELL determined)
[BELL] Let's do it.
[MIKOTO] Huh?
[BELL] Um, I mean... It'll be
like what you and the others
did for her.. you
know, back then.
Yes, but... we're not children
sneaking out of a mansion...
Much more is at stake.
(BELL conflicted) (notice)
[BELL] Huh? Master Hermes?
(HERMES startled)
[HERMES] H‐hey there,
Bell and Mikoto!
[BELL] What were you
doing back there?
[HERMES] Huh? Oh,
uh... You know
I just wanted to make sure
you were safe is all!
(clueless) [BELL] "Safe?"
[HERMES] (stammering)
I mean... I just wanted
to check up on you!
[HERMES] Glad to
see you're okay!
[HERMES] Bye!
[BELL] Wait! Master Hermes!
[HERMES] (startled) What is it?
[BELL] Do you know much
about the situation in
the red‐light district?
(HERMES intrigued)
[HERMES] I see. Your friend was
bought by the Ishtar Familia...
[HERMES] I have to
agree with Lili.
I cannot advise trying to break
her out of there is a good idea.
It would certainly
start a fight.
(BELL & MIKOTO discouraged)
[HERMES] However...
[HERMES] If she's a prostitute,
that's a totally
different story.
(BELL & MIKOTO curious)
[HERMES] Prostitutes can be
bought out of the industry.
[BELL] Really...?
[HERMES] It's not
unheard of for clients
to buy them their freedom..
for a hefty price of course.
[HERMES] In fact, it's happened
several times in the past.
[MIKOTO] Okay but... even if
it's possible... Is the Ishtar
Familia really going to just let
her leave?
[HERMES] Well.. That all
depends on her role. If she is
one of their skilled fighters,
things might get a little dicey.
[BELL] That's.. not the case!
I believe she is a low‐ranking
non‐combatant!
Well there you go.
Ishtar may not be perfect, but
she is still a Goddess of Love.
She should let her go.
[HERMES] As long as you pay
her accordingly, that is.
[MIKOTO] So then... how much
exactly?
[HERMES] It would depend
on her value of course,
but I've heard estimates around
two or three million.
That should be easy!
We should be able to
earn that in no time!
[HERMES] If you two don't mind..
it might be helpful for me to
know the girl's name.
[HERMES] That way, I can put
some feelers out to see what
Ishtar thinks about it.
[MIKOTO] (gasp) Haruhime!
Her name is Sanjouno Haruhime!
[MIKOTO] The same age as me..
and she's a Renard!
[HERMES] (concerned) Yeah?
[MIKOTO] Yes!
(HERMES troubled)
[BELL] Master Hermes...?
[HERMES] As a courier,
it's frowned upon to disclose
the identity of a client or
the nature of a parcel...
[HERMES] But I've got a soft
spot for you two, so...
[HERMES] I'll say it.
The day that I ran into
you in the Pleasure Quarter..
I was actually on my way
to deliver an important
package to Ishtar.
It held what's called
a "Killing Stone."
[BELL] That sounds dangerous..
(door opens)
(HERMES notice)
That's about all I
can reveal for now.
I'm off. Catch you later,
Bell.. Mikoto..
So what do you suppose..
a "Killing Stone" is?
I've never heard
of it before...
[BELL] But at least now we know
how to rescue Miss Haruhime!
[MIKOTO] Right!
(ISHTAR exhale)
[ISHTAR] You must retrieve
the Little Rookie.
[LENA] Huh?
It appears Freya is infatuated
with young Bell Cranel.
Yet for some reason,
she hasn't made a move.
I will take him before
she has the chance.
[ISHTAR] I can only imagine
the look on that hag's face...
when she learns that I've
taken her little prize away.
(laughter)
[SAMIRA] That is so
tacky, Lady Ishtar.
[LENA] Right?
[ISHTAR] I won't
tolerate any snacking
once you've caught him.
[ISHTAR] That means you, Phryne.
You have a tendency to ruin
every man you get your hands on.
Oh come on...
What a rude thing to imply!
Not my fault men fall
madly in love with all this
succulent meat. (giggles)
(ISHTAR exhale)
[ISHTAR] Nevertheless..
I get him first.
[ISHTAR] I'll give him to you
once I'm completely finished
with him.
Then you may feast.
[PHRYNE] Oh... very well.
[ISHTAR] When the full
moon finally arrives...
[ISHTAR] we complete
the Killing Stone ritual.
(AISHA concerned)
And as soon as we're finished..
we wage war against Freya.
Knowing we have her precious
boy. She'll be unable to sit
idly by and be forced to engage.
(ISHTAR laughter)
[PHRYNE] And? How should we
capture the juicy little rabbit?
[ISHTAR] I leave that to you..
But do it away from prying eyes.
[ISHTAR] The Freya Familia
cannot know of our plan.
[PHRYNE] You know what that
means.. Just one choice girls...
(PHRYNE toad laughter)
[WELF] Whoa, whoa!
You just one‐shot'ed
those Liger Fangs.
You brought your "A"
game. Impressive.
Let's not get too
comfortable though.
The Pantry is just up ahead,
and it's going to be full of
hungry monsters.
We need to be cautious‐
Onward, everyone!
Let's get moving!
[LILI] Lady Mikoto!
We need to be careful!
[BELL] Thanks for coming along.
We appreciate it, Welf.
[WELF] Sorry I said some
harsh stuff the other day.
I know.. when your mind's
made up, it's made up...
So I might as well help
you see it through.
(LILI frustrated)
Just 'cuz he's on board,
doesn't mean I agree with what
you're doing, you know!
[BELL] Yeah.. I'm well aware.
[LILI] To be honest though...
I don't exactly mind
all the money
we've been making in
the Dungeon as of late.
(WELF chuckle)
Oh.. by the way..
You ever figure
anything out about
that item Master Hermes
was talking about?
Oh... no.
[HESTIA] A "Killing
Stone", huh...? Hmm.
I can't say I've
ever heard of it.
(internal) I wonder if it has
something to do with Miss
Haruhime...
Master Bell.. we're nearly at
the Pantry. Stay on guard, okay?
[BELL] Oh, right.
(internal) For now, I've got
to focus on
defeating monsters
and making money.
If you want to hunt someone
unnoticed, there's no better
place than the Dungeon.
(PHRYNE toad laughter)
[AISHA] It's almost time.
Do it.
(fighting)
Are you kidding me?!
[WELF] This is ridiculous
even for a Pantry!
[LILI] Careful or
we'll get separated!
[LILI] Move closer
together, everyone!
(LIGER roar)
[BELL] Fire B‐
(startled)
[BELL] Huh? Miss
Aisha? What the..?
[AISHA] If you're angry,
you'll have to take it up
with an.. erratic goddess!
(fighting)
[AISHA] Otherwise...
[BELL, internal] She's fast...!
[AISHA] You only have yourself
to blame for attracting her
attention!
[BELL, internal]
And she's strong...!
[BELL, internal] Is she really
a level three like me?!
[BELL] (wincing in pain)
This is bad...!
(AISHA smug laugh)
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time:
"A Fleeting Dream."